---
title: "Release notes for v3.0"
sub_link: "3-0"
code_link: "https://github.com/polyaxon/polyaxon/blob/master/releases/3-0.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v3.0.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v3.0.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

## V3.0.0 [WIP]

### Core

 * **New**: Add new sandbox interface to allow running agent and AI-generated code in dynamically defined sandboxes.
 * **Enhancement**: Extract schedules to be a first-class concept in the system.

### Infra

 * **Enhancement**: Move from redis to valkey and use official chart.

### UI

 * **New**: Add markdown, scalar, summary, lineage, and performance widgets.
 * **New**: Add sync cursor to allow comparing across charts.
 * **New**: Improve visualization of multiple runs in the compare dashboard.
 * **New**: Add support for regex based search of widgets in dashboards.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve rendering and performance of charts.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow visualizing multiple images (index range) at the same time.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not render large artifacts and provide preview button.
 * **Enhancement**: Simplify switching to data view in metrics widgets.

### Commercial

 * **New**: Add new notifications/alerts/events layer to the clients to allow sending mid-run events to external systems.
 * **New**: Add automations to create a monitoring of conditions and events and trigger actions.
 * **New**: Add control plane level integrations.
 * **New**: Add in-platform notifications center to view and manage notifications and alerts.
 * **New**: Improve scheduler and allow to trigger runs based on schedules and events.
 * **New**: Add support for custom notifications and alerts.
